[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My life changed
radically in 2000,
actually in the
new year of 2000.
And I was diagnosed by a
holistic practitioner who
first time said, listen,
there's something
wrong with your abdominal
area, with the ovaries.
Go and get tested here.
And also she noticed that--
she scanned my
body energetically
and she said, you have 16 gall
bladder stones, and she said,
if you don't take
care of yourself,
you might have diabetes.
And I was, like--
I didn't even know what
is she talking about.
I didn't know what
is gall bladder.
I didn't know what is
diabetes and so on.
I didn't care at all
for health in that time.
And I lived in Poland,
grew up in Poland,
so we ate a lot of Polish
food, which is kind of oily,
and all these sausages and
pierogis and stuff like this.
And then as soon as communism
collapsed in Poland,
we got the gift from
America, which is pizza,
all this fast foods and so on.
So my diet was, like,
hodgepodge of this and that.
And there was no education about
healthy lifestyle whatsoever.
No one told us that fast
food could be bad for you.
Only now we can see-- when you
look at the Polish population,
you can see, oh, something
has happened here
over the years, yeah?
So when I was in my old
body, I grew up as a girl
and I was always overweight
ever since I entered the school
system because the school
system was kind of stressful
probably for me.
And then I was
always plumpy, and I
felt a little bit like
being wrapped in a blanket
with three holes in it, two
to watch television and one
to eat, and that's it.
And I could never
get the attention
of a boy I liked when I
was a teenager because all
those good looking
guys were just
swept away by my girlfriends.
They wouldn't even notice me.
So I felt I was complex, shy,
and chronically depressed.
And then, finally,
when I got married
and I was still in the
kind of toxic mindset
and not fulfilled at all and
we were not happy as a couple
together, I was just, like--
my energy was just going down
the drain, down the drain.
And I would wake
up every morning,
open my eyes with a
very strong coffee
because I would
possibly never wake up.
Ever since I was six years
old and I went to school,
I started gaining weight,
probably because school
was stressful, and
I felt a little bit
like pushing a circle--
I was a circle, and I was
being pushed into a square,
and I had to fit in,
and I didn't like it.
And we know that when
you are stressed,
the blood pH turns acid
because of your emotions.
So when you're acidic,
you gain weight.
Now I know it.
Then I didn't.
So I was a plumpy girl, and
I had challenges exercising,
and I was always the
last one in sports.
So when they were
picking up somebody
to play basketball with,
I was the last girl.
Like, OK, we have to take her.
Who's going to take--
we don't want-- you know?
And always if we did
marathon or sprint running,
I would always have
the last score.
So the entire school was like,
look at her, she's running.
I wasn't running.
I was rolling.
It was like a snowball running.
I feel very compassionate
about women who are overweight.
And I know it's just
the secret of beauty
is just right inside
you, just stop to nature,
and I want to
share that message.
And then later on
when I was married,
I was not fulfilled
with my former husband.
We were not very happy either.
Like, sex life was very
boring and not really fun.
Life was not fun
above everything.
And life was all about working
hard and eating the food
and just watching TV and
working hard, eating the food,
and watching TV, and
going to the supermarket,
going to the malls.
And so it's like, how
much of the same scenario
can you do a day?
When you realize that you are
a creative, powerful being
and you realize
that there's life
out there, that the planet is
full of adventures and full
of amazing people that you
can meet, you're like, wow,
where have I been?
Where have I been--
doing the same thing, this
cookie cutter routine.
So I just felt very unfulfilled.
I was totally a sugar
junkie and coffee junkie.
And I mean, my life
was like this--
that I needed certain foods
in order to stay sane,
in order to manage my reality.
Like, for example,
I would wake up,
and I would open my eyes
with a strong dose of coffee.
Otherwise, I was just
perpetually tired, drowsy.
I could not focus without
a strong dose of coffee
loaded with sugar, of course.
And then, because of the
depression that I had
and low energy level,
I would just look at--
I remember-- I lived in
Warsaw then in Poland.
I would look at the window.
It was raining.
And I was just like, God,
please stop this train.
I'm getting off.
If this is called
life, I'm done.
So I was totally hooked
on coffee, sugar, then,
of course, white
bread and mayonnaise
or just like butter and dairy,
always this yogurt and cereal.
And then only later on I
learned that actually milk
puts you to sleep.
So now I'm thinking,
like, why would I
even drink dairy in the
morning when in the morning
I need energy?
So at all, you would do
yogurt or dairy products
in the evening when you
want to go to sleep.
I mean, I'm done with
dairy altogether.
So anyways, of course,
I was addicted to meat.
Many people don't
acknowledge this today
that meat is actually a
very addictive substance.
And I would feel like
I'm getting energy
from it, that grounding energy
to just perform during the day,
go to work and go to compete
in corporate structures.
And I was working as
a journalist then.
And so you can imagine being a
TV reporter, delivering news,
and a lot of stress.
And then my life changed
radically one time.
So when I was overweight,
I was, I think,
183 pounds at the
time when I was
diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
And I remember the
time when I could not
bow down to pick up something
because I felt pain.
Also, I felt like something
is just eating me.
Something is breeding
itself on me.
It was a funny feeling, and
it was actually pretty scary,
another person.
And of course, it was not
comfortable to get into clothes
that you're just like, oh,
I cannot wear that anymore.
Oh, that I cannot wear either.
And I was just like wondering,
why am I gaining weight?
Why am I getting bigger?
There was a lot of
sports I couldn't do.
But I didn't even
realize this because when
you sit and you're a couch
potato, you just take it like,
ah.
Life passes you by, and you
don't even know it does so.
It's only when I
lost weight, when
I cleansed, that I was
like, where have I been?
Where was I all this time?
Because I felt pain
in the abdominal area
and because I was advised
by a friend of mine
to go to a doctor
and get tested,
actually I had an
ultrasound, and then
there was a gynecologist
and an assistant,
a doctor who was
practicing there,
and when they scanned my body,
they were like, oh my goodness,
where are your ovaries?
There were tumors like
cauliflowers there.
So they said, this could be
cancerous, we need to do tests,
and so on.
So I came back for
tests the next day,
and then we had a
long weekend, and I
listened to a friend of mine who
said, listen, just go cleanse.
So coming back from
the doctor's office,
I already went shopping
and got, like--
I went to the farmer's market,
and I got bags of veggies.
I was like, how am I
going to drink this?
I knew, I have to go
juicing for a few days.
She told me that.
And I went to a
holistic pharmacy,
and I got enema,
like, an enema bag.
And I was like, what am
I going to do with this?
It all sounded disgusting.
I mean, you can
imagine to a person who
likes sweets and
coffee and pizza
and so on suddenly to go
on drinking beet juice,
it's like, you must be insane.
You must be kidding.
So I knew that I'm
fighting for life here.
I felt it.
And I spoke with my husband
then, and I said to him, look,
it's possible that
I could have cancer.
That's what they say.
And he just didn't care.
He just said, ah,
you will be fine.
You'll be OK.
So I was like, oh, really?
Is this the same
guy that I would
take care of in
so many situations
when he just had a little fever?
So I just had a cold
shower, like, wake up,
I am responsible-- and I
came to the conclusion,
I am responsible for
one life only, my own.
And I decided, in that moment
when I had that wakeup call,
I decided that from now
on, this life, my life,
is like a wellspring.
It's not going to come
through my fingers.
I'm going to hold
it and drink it all.
So what happened was that
I did a three-day cleanse--
radical-- enema morning and
evening on cooked coffee--
and you can find more
information about it online.
I really don't want to
give you the details--
and then also drinking beetroot
juice and apple juice and lots
of green juices or red
juices, and twice a day I
had to drink olive
oil and lemon juice
to detoxify my liver
because actually,
also, I saw an ultrasound that
I had 16 stones in gallbladder,
lots of gall bladder stones.
So anyways, I was doing
this, and I felt horrible.
I was like, I don't know why
I'm going through this process.
It feels disgusting.
It feels like a sugar
junkie on a detox program.
I was vomiting.
I had diarrhea.
Sometimes I had two in one.
And my husband then was
wondering, what is she up to?
She's kind of crazy.
And I felt I had shuttered
because when you are actually
addicted to a
substance, the body has
to release this from the cells.
So it's just like
a lot is happening.
It was like an internal
surgery that I did to myself
through juicing and drinking
the olive oil with lemon juice.
You can imagine, it's like a
salad dressing without a salad.
Where's that salad, you know?
Just after three
days of cleanse,
I lost seven kilos, which is
3.2 pounds, and my skin cleared.
It was first time ever that I
lost weight naturally so fast.
I tried other weight
loss programs,
but they never gave me results.
So suddenly I'm like, uh oh,
my pants are getting loose,
and skin cleared, eyes cleared.
I could hear better.
I could see better.
And then I went
back to the doctors.
With sad faces, they said,
yeah, we're very sorry.
You have cancer, and we
prepared the bed for you.
You're going to go
for the surgery.
If that doesn't work, we
have chemotherapy and so on.
And I felt like, you
know what, I just
lost 16 stones out
of my gallbladder
so many toxins cleared,
and I feel fantastic.
I feel different in my life.
I want to continue this.
So they were
thinking I was crazy,
and I was thinking
they were crazy.
So it was like a little bit--
we tried converting each other.
I was convinced that when
I shared it with them--
I shared with them that,
the idea about healthy
food and so on,
they're going to tell
all the other people.
I was actually surprised that
they wouldn't be interested
at all.
So then what happened later
on is that I went on--
because I cleansed,
my tongue started
to be attracted to
veggies and avocado,
and I discovered whole
different flavors and tastes
that were sugar free,
that were meat free,
that were dairy free.
And I was like, wow, this
food actually tastes.
Like, if you eat carrots
without tons of spices
there or ketchup, there
is food out there.
So I discovered those flavors,
those natural flavors,
after cleansing.
And I just continued eating
primarily a lot of raw food.
I would say that today my
diet is 80% raw, 20% vegan
food, cooked food.
After four months of continuing
healthy diet, very, very
strict, very consequent,
I was cancer free.
I went back to the doctors.
I was cancer free completely.
And then, also,
I lost 83 pounds.
So you can imagine that my
friends couldn't recognize me.
I was just like a butterfly
that came out of a cocoon.
That worm, where was she?
Where was that worm?
And then I had to stop
friends on the street
and say, hi, how are you?
And they were like, it's you?
It's you?
Oh my god, you look great.
And I was like, yeah, it's me.
I was happy, and I wanted to
share the message with people.
Listen, we need
to eat vegetables.
We need to go juicing.
We need to stay healthy,
not eat that thing.
Not everyone wanted
to listen to this.
But when people saw the
way I looked and how happy,
how much energy I got suddenly,
people were very open.
They were like, wow, if she did
this, so can I. So as a result,
there was a trickle effect,
and a lot of my friends
also went on cleansing and
lost weight and healed,
and it was just like my
purpose in life right
now is to inspire people.
So after I healed, I
discovered my natural beauty,
and I discovered my body.
I started to move, and I
started to feel a lot of joy
doing sports.
And I signed up like crazy.
I signed up for yoga, kung fu,
tai chi, fitness, swimming.
It was like, if people
wanted to meet me,
my friends wanted to meet me,
I was like, you know what,
meet me in the fitness center.
Let's go for yoga together.
Let's go for a walk in the park.
And they were like, well,
let's meet at the cafe.
And I was like, cafe?
That smell of coffee there--
no.
Those cigarettes that people
smoke and the food there--
no.
So I would refuse
living their ways.
I dragged them into
natural lifestyle.
So something miraculous--
something powerful happens
when you take care of yourself.
You realize you're precious.
You realize that you're, like--
you become in love with
yourself basically.
And it shines.
It overflows to others.
It becomes contagious.
You give others the permission
to be in love with themselves
and in love with life.
And also, when I was
healing, I realized
that I am doing something that
probably none of my family
members ever did.
And I realized, I've got a right
to live my life differently
than my mom, for example, who is
overweight and sick and so on.
I realize, I don't have
to make a Xerox copy.
I don't have to repeat
the same pattern.
So when I was
cleansing and healing,
I gave myself permission
to live my own life,
design it, create it
completely differently,
and pick only what is useful,
only what works for my family
and thank them for the rest.
So most people-- I realize
today that most people, when
they hear the word "cancer,"
they kind of surrender
their power, they get
depressed and overwhelmed,
and then their families
steps up and say,
poor you, we will take care
of you, which is suddenly
you received the love,
the attention, the care
that you craved.
So a lot of times
there's this temptation,
I'll just stay sick
because everybody loves me.
So what happened with me is
that probably I never believed
that I had cancer because my
former husband-- because he
said, oh, you'll be fine.
I had to believe
that I'll be fine.
I had to have faith.
I'm OK.
I'm going to be great.
And I affirmed that.
I never focused on disease.
I focused on health.
I focused on empowering myself
with a lot of nutrients,
a lot of great vibration,
and also on creating--
I created environment
around myself--
friends, job, family members.
I invited those people
that supported my healing.
Those people who were
toxic, they could go.
Buh bye.
Today I have a baby boy.
I'm a mother.
And I'm thrilled
with this because I
know that if I listened
to doctors then
and if I just
surrendered my powers
and went for chemotherapy,
probably I would not ever
be able to conceive a child.
When I was healing myself,
yoga helped tremendously
and discovering martial arts,
especially tai chi, which
I could practice in nature.
Once I learned it, I
could just go to the park
and practice this.
And of course, it
was very healing
because it was moving
energy and blood circulation
and getting oxygen
into my system.
But actually my
motivation in exercise
was not to heal myself,
but just to still
have that joy of
being in the movement
and having my own
body back again.
If you were overweight for
so long, suddenly when you
are slim and when you
are getting healthy
is there's so much joy
in this that you're like,
what else can I do?
So maybe I'll go dancing.
Maybe I'll-- oh,
wow, I can kick.
I can feel that kung
fu exercise here.
It's a lot of play.
It's great playtime.
[MUSIC PLAYING]